Go to wordpress.org
https://en-gb.wordpress.org/

Click Get wordpress / Download wordpress

This will download a zip file into Downloads folder

Double click to unzip

Drag folder to where you want the files to live on your computer.

Rename folder what you want website to be called e.g. coolmat

Change settings within MAMP to point at the new folder i.e. MAMP, preferences, Web-Server, and change root folder to your new one. Apache should be selected. 

And can click Start Servers from within the MAMP box. 
Apache and MySQL servers should both be green lit. 
(Cloud is red as this is a paid for service)

This should automatically open the MAMP php configuration page on localhost:8888
(otherwise click on WebStart on within the MAMP box)

To add a database, click on phpMyAdmin, to bring up the window for this

Click on New (top of sidebar on left)
Create database - put in a name i.e. coolmat. Keep collation selected. 
Click Create
Should see new database appear in list on the left.

Go back to localhost:8888 and refresh. This brings up the Wordpress start page. 
http://localhost:8888/wp-admin/setup-config.php

Click Let's Go! to install wordpress
Database Name: coolmat (or whatever mine is)
Username: root
Password: root
Database Host: localhost (stays the same)
Table Previx wp_ (stays the same)
Submit

You get "All right, sunshine! You’ve made ... "
Click Run the installation

You get the Welcome screen: 

This info would be your login for accessing the wordpress site so enter details carefully as you can lock yourself out if you lose these details. 
So ...
Site Title: coolmat
Username: rlfweb8
Password: Tufted11
Click Install WordPress

Should get Success! screen. 
Then Log In. 

Go to underscores.me and create the basic theme. 
Name it coolmat and generate it
This downloads it onto your computer as a zip
Double click to unzip
Then drag into wp-content/themes

Then go into Dashboard, Appearance, Themes and Activate the new theme coolmat
When you preview site, you can see it's pretty unstyled, but it has good skeleton

