Lots of ways our theme can display our website. If we've only got a simple one page site, we can delete lots and keep only the bits we need. 

We can figure out what files we need by looking at the

required theme files: 
https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/release/required-theme-files/

and template heirarchy for more in depth info:
https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/template-hierarchy/
This shows the order in which wordpress will load our files, depending on how we name them

single.php - this is the file that gets used when we look at an individual post
i.e. a single page for a single post. 
We don't need this for our website. 
So let's delete single.php 

sidebar.php 
If we go to Dashboard, Appearance, Widgets, we can add all kinds of things to the sidebar. But we don't need it for our site. 
It's an old-school web feature. But can come in handy for certain things. 

search.php 
This is the results page of a search. So if you do a search We can delete that one. 

style-rtl.css 
This is for right to left languages. 
We are not supporting those, we are just doing English and Korean, so we can delete that too. 

page.php 
If you go to Pages in the dashboard, the default Sample Page is this page. So you can delete that. 

index.php
Want to keep this - it's a required file. 

header.php
All our header, keep it 

functions.php 
We need this 

footer.php 
We need this 

comments.php 
This is for people to comment on posts and pages, we don't want comments on this website. 

Then make sure you go to Dashboard, Settings, Discussion Settings and untick all the boxes on that page to disable all the comments. 

archive.php 
This allows you to display posts that have certain categories, dates or tags. 
We don't want this for coolmat site. 

404.php 
This is what is displayed when a page can't be found. We'll get rid of this and later we'll make sure that any page that isn't found is redirected to the home page. 

On SuperHi's course, there was a layouts folder with content-sidebar.css and sidebar-content.css And the tutor deleted those. I don't have them on my installation of wordpress